hello
hello [ __ ] the camera dude I've got it
crazy What's
going on [ __ ] it's crazy right
there [ __ ]
[ __ ] What's going on here Today this isn't centered
I don't
like what It's going on What's going on What's going on I do
n't like it dude Hello hello
okay let's see let's see it's like
I think here that turn on this
light Okay
and I should come more over here maybe it
already has
sound but the thing is that it
's not very centered
no it's not very centered it's not like some it's not like
some
no
em Okay there it's fine no Or what a little bit
over here man it doesn't convince me [ __ ] [ __ ]
it's that I have to change
one day I'm going to go crazy one day I'm going to go crazy
and I'm going to change the whole computer
the camera I'm going to change
everything I'm going to change everything it's the [ __ ]
[ __ ] let's
see I have to get
quite up to date eh What's going on How are you
What's going on How are you Javi are you going to leave are you
going to leave wizard wizard what are you
here
too let's see today above all I have I
many hours to spend at the salsería
yesterday we were Out yesterday I was
doing a report a Well an
interview
report I think
I think it could turn out pretty
good hopefully the truth is that
well it's interesting okay look I'll show you
a click that the editor sent me
Where is it
Where is it that I'll
Carmelita how are you
Why isn't that sounding [ __ ] it seems like I've just
come it seems like I've just been 27 days
without sitting at the
computer and the reality is that I've only been
missing one day not to check the sound of that
because ah because the last time we
were here was when Francisco came up
and the previous time was the previous time was
that or rather after that it was with
Marina Of course no it's not muted it's
not muted it should sound like watching
La Movida This was what I recorded
yesterday Well over here I shared about
Albert's book okay The pre-sale for
Albert's book is up there over there I'll
split it for you to buy it and so on
okay And this was what I recorded Yesterday well
This is a clip okay this is a it's a
report But this is a click that I
thought was wonderful  bend down
bend down ag cas agate and I'm telling you that you ca
n't appreciate bend down how pretty she was
The wolf eh I mean you can't appreciate touch her touch her
touch her open your eyes and phallus Hello
precious
beautiful thing I'm leaving What a
beautiful thing Borja Caponi I don't know if you remember
okay I don't know if you remember oh my goodness what
they gave to Francisco Yes now
we'll talk a little I don't know
if I don't know if you remember Borja Caponi
Borja Caponi is from
Fran's time well I think Borja Caponi
was a little before Fran I
would have to look at it but I would say yes
that Borja Caponi was that Fran was
making two seasons of a series
called malas pulgas that to this day you
can still see on my TV and you
can also buy the DVDs and
so on no And well the truth is that he
contacted me a while ago he already told me about
him Julián Julián Contreras and and I
was kind of watching his story a little and so
on yes The Dog Whisperer The
Spanish dog whisperer I was
watching his stories and stuff he's in a
really bad situation you'll see And
well I was
basically listening to him and to share with you
the interview and stuff no
eh [ __ ] well I did more than 1000 km
yesterday Uh I did wrong because we went by
car and came back we recorded the interview
and came back we were on
the road every day let's go Where is she
normally she's there behind
in her place Oh she's a female
Hello How beautiful Uh because we're not with
us and you can't see it here I mean in
fact this clip also has less
quality than the
original one which is recorded in 4k if I'm not
mistaken I went with Ale and he was in charge
of recording it okay so that it would be a
report you know I love this I mean
the truth is what area is churra I have no
[ __ ] idea smurf the truth is no I couldn't
tell you I mean because it was on the outskirts
of Madrid but let's mean to get to
Madrid and still go up an hour
then we took practically
11 or 12  hours
eh we spent 11 or 12 hours in the car there
and back s He gets together with the others but he
has a lot of character and you have to be
very careful because if he doesn't like it
something will happen to him he's a wolf dog from Sarlo he's
a wolf he's a wolf dog from Sarlo who
had two and one died she had a bad
kidney in the end so
well here it is it's amazing eh it's
amazing let's see I think it has become an
interesting report eh I mean I think it has
become an interesting report an
interview m I think that tomorrow you
will have it on the main channel okay I
think that tomorrow you will have it if I'm not
mistaken on the main channel and Well
a story is a story of how
people can go from success to
destruction not that it has the YouTube
of Spain that with everyone it ends
badly the following him from Spain you the
youtuber from South America you mean
the one with the cap Well then we will comment on
some things because the truth is what I have
seen seems to me but let's
see that kid Eh well kid he
is 50 years old it
's not that I don't know he has the mentality of
a baby  wait the camera has me
super crazy
eh Let's see you can't then we'll see what he
did to the Indian what he
did to the guy on the flight what he did to him well I do
n't know which youtuber [ __ ] man I
'm really getting really pissed off
eh Let's see he's been watching a bit that he
's sending me now the clicks of some
things he's done and what he's said No
now yes
and they haven't given me a strike suuma they have
n't given me any strike at the
moment if I get a strike I'm going to
skin it And if he wants to see each other in
court we'll see each other in court I mean I
already have
one I already have one with whom I have a
lawsuit eh
[Music] I
already have one who is the idiot
Ricky Eddie no with whom I have a
lawsuit too because he threw me a threw me
the rewind for a few seconds of his
song Okay and so to trial that we go That's
where we're really going to see who's
right but what you can't do
is that you have
images from Tele5 all day long take photographs from
the agencies and and  you react to everything
you want and that I'm throwing
eh And that I'm throwing clips but it's not
that I'm throwing clips of other people
no because or rather censorship is already that it's
not possible you can't put clips of
his I mean he can talk about whatever he wants
but you can't
talk about him and it's not that you don't put
clips of his because obviously not either
Because I've said it I mean you
Imagine you Imagine that I start
throwing clips I mean to strike
every youtuber who makes a living from using my
content I mean how many youtubers make a living
from using my
content How many how
many What would happen if I start taking
down those videos what would they say if I start taking down strike
which I will
never do But if I start taking down
strike of all the channels that use
my content what would they say I mean How many
channels can I throw strike but the
first thing is that I'm busy
working and bringing things and making
content and and and and I know perfectly well
who I am and I perfectly understand that people
talk  from me but he's already
throwing strikes at accounts that aren't
posting clips of his but are
reproducing what he said in a
live, that is, written and read with ia, that
is, the Indian, okay, the
Indian made some tweets that we were
reacting to here and He made some tweets
where he transcribed what he said in his
live and read it with ia with like
this that the loquendos read to you And that, that
is, you can't even post that but
we're stupid I mean, you Imagine that you
prohibit the media from quoting what
you say in your media in your
public in your live I mean, we're
crazy, let's go, images can be posted,
images can
also be posted and I'm going Ricky edy to trial okay
I'm going with Ricky edie to trial because he's
going for my balls I left the song there
and I'm going with him but it's not that I'm going with him
to trial, it's that Ricky Edi has filed
the lawsuit against me And us Of course because he hasn't
called me He won't have put My address
in the lawsuit And us Pablo has
started looking in court to find where
that lawsuit is  if he really
sent her for us to go in person
because I'm in a hurry with that trial okay
but from here I'll say it to the Indian, the one on the
flight, the one on the motorcycle, that is, everything to
fight, everything to fight that he's going to put. I mean,
20 people who start hitting him
TR when you fight he's going to put 20 30
go on, let him get bored, let him get bored of
filing a lawsuit. But that's not even the case, it's just n,
but let's go, clips can be put. I mean, if
I don't put the clips it's to
save myself, the first thing is that he's not
contained because he doesn't see it or Peter is not
a person upfront, I mean, we're
talking now but it's not because of him but it
's more because of Amador, for Amador and Antonio
David and Francisco,
okay, today he called you The condemned Carmen,
but it's that what he says doesn't
matter Carmen, he has had Francisco
on his channel who has a criminal conviction. Okay, and
and he didn't care about that conviction, he
started calling
Francisco The condemned now that he has
fought with him and has Amador Moedano on his channel
who has
convictions, that is, what he says to us  we
ignore it, it doesn't matter a
[ __ ], it doesn't matter, he's not an
intelligent or relevant person or anything like
that. By the way, the objective is worth it. I don't know if things have calmed down, if bringing him is not worth it, but Francisco told me the other day that we could call him and he answered and such. No, but well, it will depend on you, that's where the objective is. If we
meet the objective, he has thrown the
account at Orus. Also, that is not
allowed, it's that you cannot do that,
but this. What is a dictatorship? I
mean, if you are criticizing me or
saying something bad about me that you cannot, I will
throw it at you, but it's not that I will throw it at you
using the clips, it's that if you
transcribe what I said, I will also
throw it at you because it's my script, we are
really, really, it is already
crazy, the lack of shame is
crazy, okay, I mean, nothing, I mean, nothing,
everything is appealed, okay, I mean,
everything is appealed and it is not going to go to court with
everyone, okay. And whoever goes to trial, they will
obviously lose it, I don't know, YouTube
has put TR on m, no, not to me, don't even
think about it  I'm
already telling him in my head that if he
thinks I'm going to bully him with that, he's
pretty much in control Clara trust me what that is
for me with what I have up front You
know I'm going to comment whatever I
want if he wants war we have war I already
told him last time to d you have to
very good night Javier go a kiss
a kiss I'm going to comment whatever I
want because I have freedom of
expression and nobody
scares me come on and especially not something like it is and
especially not something like him then I'm going to
comment whatever I want if he wants
war we have war I already told him
last time m no one bullies me in
this life not on YouTube or outside of
YouTube more bully and God the one I don't pay
attention to it's because I don't pay attention to him
because I'm not interested
Yes yesterday he threatened you with this thing shoot shoot shoot it did
n't reach me Ray from
Albert well no it didn't come out but a
kiss my Albert What's up
handsome What's up man
a kiss man thank you very much and
congratulations we're there waiting
man We're there waiting man  I haven't been able to do it, I have
n't been able to do it,
man, what a fate you are, with what I
have, I'm fed up and with what I've been through, to be
scared of a guy like that, of
something like that, you understand me. No, I'm not
horny, I am. If I were horny I would
find myself but I'm not horny, it's
just that the est thing is
something that I don't think is right.
Social networks are created so that
people can express themselves and we are here
charging a fortune for people to
criticize us or not or
praise us And that's how it is. That's how it is, the [ __ ]
I throw away the account
of the song of Javiel Canino of Javiel
Peluca of Blue Bird I don't know what about
Nauter Flay, they don't even throw away a [ __ ]
account if they can't stand me then they can't
stand me and they get clicks, I mean, here we
have to have good people and such if
you are a thin skinned and you are so
sensitive it's not that you are saying but it's
not that they are telling you the
great thing they are criticizing you or rather without
more I mean, you Imagine dedicating yourself to
gossip, dedicating yourself to the deso that you can
put  the Amador interview on Tele5 and
react to it while they're
showing it on TV while they're
showing it and you can put whatever you want whatever
you want okay you
can put whatever you want on your channel
on TV on Twitter you and you
can talk whatever you want about
whoever you want okay And that
people can't mention you but of course the
thing about the strikes well you say Well then you
avoid talking about this guy Because he
gives you strikes Well he gives you strikes that's
the thing that looks the most dirty
among youtubers I mean between youtubers the
subject of strikes is something that
looks terrible it looks terrible I mean you talk about it
with any colleague and the subject of
strikes looks
dirty it's something that looks really dirty
you one criticizes the one on the other a lot
of youtubers I don't
get it compared his work on YouTube
with Cervantes' Don Quixote terrifying
This is the level a kiss Gustavo what he
said is also a tremendous joke
because what he has  It is said that you
cannot take a work and make it with
Artificial Intelligence which is also a
lie because I can take it and I can
do whatever the hell I want, how am I not
going to be able to relate here in a
YouTube video and make a what Don
Quixote says Of course I can take it here and
read a page from Don Quixote and relate
a part that catches my attention Of course
But how am I not going to be able to make a
quote but it is that or rather no no they are not
talking about me but they should not talk about you
well let's see
buddy they should send YouTube a
warning that the Why does not comply with
legitimate use but let's see no I am not
going to get involved in strikes that are not mine
or anything like that what I do
tell everyone if you are on Twitter
or YouTube that strike that you put
strike that the
apelislin
vantil man is a little boy is a little boy
and all because he is furious
because he believed that the interview with
ad Amador on Friday was going to lead
him to be Javi Oliveira as
was the week that I had of  from going
to Iker's to Ros's all that stuff
The guy bought a shirt, puts on a
mustache that he'd never fit in his life and
suddenly now he puts it on I mean you're not going to
be Javi Oliveira dude and now he's angry
because Francisco Francisco can't
talk it's that no no no it doesn't make sense
now Francisco is condemned you didn't
care about Francisco's sentence when you
had him as a collaborator in your
when when those from the flight mentioned
Francisco's sentence okay it's a
thing of his past and that's it it's
settled and everyone has d if the
law has the right to reintegrate
people who are we to
take away his reintegration but
while Francisco has been on his channel
when those from the flight mentioned
Francisco's sentence when those from the
flight mentioned Francisco's sentence
those from the flight are saying
the sentence and now he brings up Francisco's sentence
man man and now the one he doesn't
care about is Amador's sentence who
has a sentence because his dogs
attacked a 14 year old girl and the one he
doesn't care about either is
Tania's husband's sentence a kiss Tania kiss  He also does
n't care about Miare's sentence, there's
one thing I don't
understand, okay. And we'll discuss that later
at the youth center at the salseria
because Joh Plana's t's are, my God,
the most ridiculous thing in life, really,
love yourself a little, do it for yourself, watch it
as a spectator and see what he does. It
turns out that yesterday,
uh, the trip came out, no, and the
sentence came out, you trust the coincidences,
days before, days before. Wait
a moment, he censors.
Out of cowardice, he DOESN'T ASSUME criticism, his
self-esteem is on the ground. He can't
stand other people's success, Francisco, who is
apech for collaborating with him. Yeah, well, okay,
but it's just that no, you can't censor
people who talk about you when you're a
youtuber,
whatever, it's just that no. Well, what I was
telling you yesterday, the sentence came out, the
result of the appeal in the
provincial court of Miare's trial and his
family's case regarding the dog. Okay,
Miare has lost that sentence. Miare is
convicted. In other words, yesterday the
sentence for disobedience of justice was ratified.
Okay, what's happening is that she was acquitted
of  a crime because it is considered that they have to
convict her of just one
because they are not going to convict her of two crimes
for the same act, I mean, it is a
procedural issue and that's it. Okay, what's going on?
Well, and suu elen to the
father, okay, also for a procedural issue
that it is not pronounced here, I don't know what
procedural issues. I mean, the
criminal procedure law is like that, I mean, I do
n't know how to explain that to you, it's a
very boring roll, I am not a lawyer to
do it Pablo in fact I think we are going to
react later to a video by Pablo But
well, my she is convicted of that
criminal offense, I mean, the sentence that came out yesterday,
the sentence. What happens is that they are
arguing Because when they acquit the
father, the one who had to return the dog
was the father, okay, it was like the
civil sentence of that trial was to return
the dog. So since it was the father who
had to return it by
absorbing it, miad's part says that he
no longer has to return it and
Dallas' part considers that he does have to
return it, my personal opinion is that they are
going to have to return it in the first
place Because the opposition
to the execution was already rejected  provisional And
secondly because if they don't have to
return it on one hand they will have to
return it on the other, that is, if they don't have to
return it this week in what was
already planned they will have to
return it next week
asking for the sentence
that he disobeyed to be executed okay But you
Imagine you imagine La Movida no I
mean according to them those who are celebrating
this the planas the lerl and all these that
now then we are going to see the salseria
according to them the sentence
is they condemn Miare in the
sentence they make reference to the fact that it is
proven that the dog is the
same but they don't have to return it I
mean you Imagine the well that many
times the law is asid Absurd I also
tell you eh
you tiqui Mia
Mia wait for it the editor is speaking to me
so I can
send him I mean the logic of these people
the logic of María a kiss María José the
logic of these people is no no the
sentence condemns Miare in the
sentence they tell you that the dog is the
same and that he kept it But he doesn't
have to return it man But what
sentence would that be no  it makes no
sense, let's say if that's the case then I'm not
surprised by any of this justice
either, I'm telling you, I mean it would be the best, no,
but well the logic of these people is
that Miare, according to them, since she doesn't have to
return the dog, she has won and
it's like, Ah, she has won because she doesn't have to
return the dog. Ah, no, they have to get
ready, Mador's family,
how does it occur to her to go to the channel, she's going to
tell everything that the guy from Chipiona told her
in private, totally Olga, but I
don't think she's going. It doesn't make sense, Javi,
but let's see. Imagine that it is like
that, okay? And that in the end it turns out that for whatever
procedural reasons, imagine that it is like that, no, they don't
condemn you but you don't have to pay anything
or return the dog because the civil part is
annulled, then Juanjo, then you're flat out at
me when they condemned me to pay
Planas 0 euros. Who won, but of course, if you
're saying that Miare won
because they condemned her but according to
you, she doesn't have to return the dog.
So when they condemn me to 0 euros,
who wins because you spent a year giving
for  ass with that
sentence, I mean a person who has been
convicted because they have convicted her
and they are saying Congratulations you
won It's that I, I, with the with
these people's things I freak out
eh I, with these people's things I freak out
But well that's a separate issue, no now
man, the thing about the strikes, to
me, the thing about the strikes seems
crazy, I don't understand it, it's too
basic, but I would like an
explanation because of course, I mean, how come she
won, but if they have convicted her, they
have convicted her for what they were
denouncing her, she does
n't have to return the dog
because they acquitted the father. Well, we'll
see, I think so, eh, I don't understand
a sentence that tells you we
condemn you, the dog is the same, you've
kept it, but don't
return it, against censorship, with all a
kiss, María José María José, I have
n't said anything to Francisco today, okay.
But if we reach the objective, I'll call him.
Okay, I told
Francisco to respond because they have made him,
eh, they have made him look like a rag and come on, insults,
insults, insult, it's like
m. Sorry,
sorry, I mean, a series of
insults. But  what am I telling you So he's
thrown out some tweets in which he does
n't put his content So it's not that you can't anymore it's not that you
can eh
put a clip of him that yes you can
okay But if there's a sentence that he
has to return it exactly imma It's that
if he doesn't have to return it for this one he will have to
return it for the
other one
gorgeous man a kiss my Javi I hope you
join the interview a kiss
queen No they haven't given me any
strike nor do they do it let's
go today he's a little angry says
dolores Let's see I'm not angry but it's
true that the strikes to me are
something that seems like a dirty thing Well
imagine dolores if here we all
dedicate ourselves to putting
strikes there are no channels for anyone I
mean How many channels can I throw out a
day that put my content Oh it
bothers me because it's that I don't like what you're
saying I I only
like when they speak well of me
no I mean How many channels do I throw away
then How many channels do I throw away
then
look here what is there no well
This is not This is not mine this This  it's a
channel that has been created a pass just
to talk about me okay to talk about myself
every day I upload a live
talking about me eh this channel will put a clip of
mine Yeah of course it puts a clip of mine
this
channel also puts a clip of mine this this
channel okay
eh this channel
Okay This for this every day This
is every day This every day is a
clip of mine okay This
what This video in particular I think not this one
yes this one
too or so what's the point look look at
all the channels that use a clip of
mine
Look at all the channels that use a clip of
mine I mean it's every day a lot of
channels look at it you see this one is every
day I mean how are you going to start putting
strikes look at this one that messes with
us okay
look at this video maybe it doesn't put
anything of mine but come on it has a lot
Ofelia a kiss I mean the pppa Elton the
sios muermo Troya all the channels
look here is Peppa Look how the hell are you going to put look you see I
mean it's every
day but this is the game we
're in I mean this is the game we
're in if someone
Look V l of Troya and they are people  they
say awful things about me Look at the laseren
it's my content every day laseren
Peppa ard de Troya all that is
my content all day long but I know
who I am I know what I do I
'm prepared for that and more you have to
be
professional I mean you imagine family
You
imagine Jorge Javier taking down the
taking down the videos and tapping
Tele5 since Friday man of course no no
he started watching Amador's interview
live and put there content
that wasn't his I mean but you
imagine a Jorge Javier an Antonio
David Well Antonio David put it too
then we're not going to
save this one either but you imagine a Jorge Javier
or a Rocío Carrasco a Carlota
corredera striking every person
who says something they don't like and if they don't
use your content then you report it
you invent this
YouTube defamation report you invent
YouTube the privacy report
man no the tools are not there
for your censorship and for your taste
okay exactly Reyes we put
videos from TV here we put
agency videos here  we put up photographs
that belong to the
agencies, you know, I mean, it doesn't make
any sense, but let's face it, it's really
shameless to try to
censor. I mean, that seems like a
really dirty act to me, eh, I mean, it's not just that you
throw away a click of yours that they upload on Twitter, it
's that they've already started throwing at
people a clip made with
Artificial Intelligence that narrates what he says that
transcribes what he
says they all join together when they burst they
will have content between them
haha ​​Well, to me that makes it really big that they have to
unite to try not to
even touch me because the truth is that
the less they touch me the more frustrated they get
because it seems like nonsense to me I
invite them all to upload here one
by one, everyone eh, everyone one by one, upload
here and tell me the problems, I'll clarify them
quickly and if you put up fraudulent trke,
YouTube does nothing in theory Yes, in
theory, yes It's supposed to be in theory, it's
supposed to be,
then the guy referring to people
with contempt and all these days he's
been referring to me  like the
sad eyes not with nicknames and nicknames for the
physique the same one I'm seeing there
on his Twitter Oh they posted a picture of me
telling me that I'm bald Oh I don't know but
Wow are you going to mess with my eyes
seriously kid have you seen your face Have you
seen my physique have you
seen yours kid to give
me a nickname my son if you need to get a tattoo of
Aladdin's genie on your hand because every
time I do something you're behind it you
're affecting yourself He's already like me
my son the sad eye I gave you know
Oh I can be criticized for many things
but for the physique it seems to me that you're going to be in
trouble eh
Juano someone should put a stop to
this guy now Marifer look what needs to be
done is what needs to be done it's
literally to Jesús Manuel he
started insulting him tremendously too
Look, from here I have it very
clear I mean they're not going to put
any fraudulent strike on me
wherever they want eh with me wherever they
want that I don't blackmail me about a
trial what's wrong with me that they're going to  spend in
the trial the trial the trial no in a
trial nothing happens to you nobody eats you you
understand me you go to trial
Nothing happens nobody eats you Don't worry
e The Movida is that eh what you have to
do is appeal I imagine that the
stke on youtube will be to FJ
eh I imagine that the strikes on
YouTube
eh will be to FJ who is the one who puts up the most
content No maybe of him is that I
don't have any content of his to m a m
what he can try to put on me are these
stke of defamation that he told
Tania that I find very funny not
that if I'm going to help the Indian a
capele he hasn't asked me but if he
asks me Of course I'm going to show
the Indian How to appeal he has already peeled it I
think he has already peeled it but of course he has to be
clear that he has to appeal
or rather at what moment they don't have to
appeal that you have taken down a video that not
even your
content but come on I'm already telling you
one thing from here
openly Peppa Beltrán
Lolly  huertas
Tania all of you who agree
that this should be done, the strikes
and
warning him Game Over, he's not going to take it down
and if he does, it will be uploaded again And if
necessary, I'll tell another youtuber bigger
than me to upload it and we'll give it more hype
but what am I telling you So,
everything is going to be peeled off, I mean,
Tania tried to me, I mean, some chick said that this was
his thing, this was his thing if at the
moment that Tania threw it out he made a
video running YouTube is taking
measures no YouTube is not taking
measures they have returned the video to me do you
remember that he
told Tania to
take down my video well Tania
took one down for privacy and another for
defamation and I don't know if any for
copyright that they all returned it to me
obviously they all returned it to me and
and they are all going to return it to me always always always always they
already know me in
the YouTube chat I don't have and I don't have the
ability to
peel you
know you can't do it YouTube and
Twitter was created for people
express yourself if someone violates your
freedom of expression and violates your
honor you file lawsuits risking
winning or losing it but you
can't close channels or
Twitter accounts please that's where
we are but apart from that in any
case the one in charge is YouTube the one that
sets the rules here of what is
talked about and not talked about is YouTube No
none eh From
nowhere says Antonia nahar You're a pimp
beach well no well you don't know it well
Ana nahar no no no no I eliminated it and
nothing happens
Pilar but Well it seems
incredible to me I mean to me the thing with
you took a while that
every day they blocked a video yes
Until they stopped because They got bored
but it's to get bored because there are
no more and on Twitter you also
remember that no no that doesn't
work like that man and Ricky's We
're going to see it in court too and
Ricky's We're going to see it in court and
then I'll come with the sentence And I'll say
Look, this can be done and you don't understand me,
totally. To me, the issue of the
strikes aside from the fact that it seems like a dirty trick to me
with my colleagues, okay, I really, I mean
the
colleagues, the rest of the colleagues, from
here I tell you [ __ ], you can get along
with him and me very badly, perfect,
everyone is in the group they want to be in,
but man, if you're going to support the
marinera strikes,
eh, if you're going to support the
marineras strikes because here we all use each
other's content. I mean, what the [ __ ] is this
strike thing, but it's not about the strikes anymore. I
mean,
the strikes are already dirty, in case
someone takes your live stream, uploads it or
your video, you understand, but not
because you take it. I mean, it's not
even that they've put up a clip, it's that they
're
fraudulently throwing out click twitters that they do
n't own. I mean, they
transcribe what he said. I mean,
you can't mention literally
what he said, but what
is this? What is this,
man, come on, come on, you can't
quote what he said no longer post the
video you can no longer post the video you
can but quote what he said
but come on come on we are we are
crazy come on We are
crazy no my son
here we are here we are dedicating ourselves to
what we
do here we are dedicating ourselves to what
we do and Here we are
famous people and on top of that we dedicate ourselves to
gossip or rather here There will be people who
like us and who don't like us and here
everyone who sees you shouldn't see you in the sun the
scruffy flame yes yes yes yes the guy
is the the guy is like a
tarantula they haven't told me that they are
going to give me a strike nor has it
reached me but it seems terrible to me whether it is for me
or for whoever it is, it
seems
terrible come on come on it's that but it's that
apart from you can give a strike a
person who suddenly starts uploading your
content not for example what about gbel you
know what about gbel no that there are channels that
upload their clicks and their things no that I do
n't know why gbel allows it But
well it allows it no man Auron Rubius
all these people have channels that  They
dedicate themselves to raising their clicks and now
this man comes along saying that you can't
talk about him, man, he does
n't say Victor said that he's going to check
the gin over, check it, check it and that and check it
with popcorn and have a
good time, which is his portrait.
Yes, that's true too, what he
's saying is also true, I mean,
the guy was with 100 viewers and
suddenly now he's passing 2000
some days
even That's
true, that's
true. Well, let's see, to catch up a bit, I
have to go to the salseria.
Okay, why does he always repeat like a parrot
that you're a troublemaker and you're full of
demands because he thinks Adriana that
you guys care a lot and that my
audience is going to drop if they
sue me and this whole group
of special people doesn't
understand and what they don't understand is that
you're not going to, you're not going to
stop watching me because they
sue me, I mean, that's the most
Absurd thing in the world.  planet and then when
things happen they get frustrated look if you see
Jorio a kiss but no I don't
authorize you grandpa see you at the
kids a kiss
handsome Jorge Hey but will you authorize me to see the
video that he uploaded today or not
authorize me Javi if they put me yes no
Although I don't know how you will help me claim it
right man but to whoever but if it
is that I have helped with the issue of these
people I don't like and with whom I don't
get along
but not
you I feel that it is something psychological
maybe there are flat it generates them like anger
or shame to see themselves saying
the things they say no I am not going to make a
diagnosis and I ask you also
not to do it I am not going to make a
diagnosis that the issue of the
lawsuits that he mentions a lot and The
convicted and The convicted but of course it
is selective because they do not care or
rather they care a lot that I am
convicted for insulting when he is
insulting all day long he cares a lot that
I have a sentence of 0 euros for
insulting a guy who does not stop
insulting me that we are going to  see later
at the salsería but he doesn't care about
Amador's sentence because the dogs
bit a 14 year old girl he doesn't
care that Tania lives with a convict
but well that's not a kiss Tania hasn't
cared about Francisco's sentence
either, never while she's had him
there she hasn't cared about Francisco's sentence
go on then you know what's
going on that I find it very
funny and there you have the clear example
Joan Planas no Well but everyone is okay that they
win the lawsuits I suppose but
then they are more angry than I am with the
result of the lawsuit And it's something that I ca
n't explain or rather it's something that I can't
explain Well if you are very satisfied
with your lawsuits and you win them why are you
angry no no you don't seem very satisfied that you
won Well because this one you have become
frustrated because you believed that
a lawsuit matters to people people
don't care about people what
comes here is to have fun to be
entertained people also grow
fond of you we all have mistakes and successes
you know I mean no no no  I have a corpse I don't
have a corpse here in the house I haven't
killed anyone or dismembered anyone you
understand I haven't raped I haven't done any of
that okay then eh that they
give me a fine to pay for
insulting someone is that people are
going to give a damn and they are going to keep watching me and
if they have to call me from the television for me to
do an intervention they are going to
keep calling me and if they have to come
here invited to give interviews they are going to
keep coming they don't give a damn they don't give a
damn
that there is a lawsuit or someone who has
sued me And then they get frustrated
because they believe that when
the sentences arrive they are going to sink me and they
leave and that doesn't
matter it doesn't
matter and they get frustrated look here what
happened eh look here what happened with go laugh
with this with the pradillo we've been
seeing each other for a long time the
loser I knew that Francisco was a
fake you should see this Juanjo I suppose
Carmen is seeing it if not it will
reach her somehow like that no I'm
hallucinating Thank you Eva Eva 10 euros  with
one fell swoop God just melted all
the Super chats in one fell swoop
says LoL Huerta I have to see that I ca
n't believe it let's see if you're going to
abandon me all to go with the gind
now to see if Francisco is there it's because he
has a thing for Juanjo or rather
people started there because they were
mentioning that Francisco was here not
leaving Hey Francisco we have to
call him No there we have an objective
that if you meet it I'll tell Francisco
to come tomorrow the day after Francisco
would have to
answer no no I can't guarantee that he will
want to answer eh But I think so
Ah it's been a while that they have a thing for him
Aurora it's been a
while Francisco deleted it
there and I'm missing out I'm
screwed María Prieto I'm missing out on this
screwed up I'm here and I'm staying here
Francisco
deleted it and I lose out I'm screwed María
Prieto I'm screwed up I'm here
Here well This is unfortunate, the issue
of the strikes around here he's also given the
flight a few strikes he's also given the
flight a few he's already given several okay
like a hosa  But this What is it is
that this is tremendous censorship no
then in the end for nothing Well look
users Antonio David had I think he
reached
4100 and he stayed with 1800 and that's a lot it has gone up
eh it has gone up eh it has gone up it has gone
up now he was with
100 1900 he was even some days it has gone
up with this roll
and Antonio
David and on the Antonio David Channel
yesterday well caught up a little bit with
him and anyway Well then that's it Hello good
evening to
everyone except
one
and and nothing had a day of more than 2000
he he normally is with let's go me
when I was watching him the day that he
put on the yellow shirt and started
shouting losers he was only with 900
spectators and look you it was
controversial but yes he is with 100 1000
but but yes it has gone up it has gone up with
this controversy it has gone up
[Music]
we begin you want to ask something that I will
answer you I can intuit that minus one is
me no excuse but why do you take it
personally  seriously man Because if there are
three of us anymore but [ __ ] I'm not saying it for
you or for Yoli or for the people you
have here
with you I'm telling you I'm saying it for the
listeners Hey, to everyone except one it's already
[Laughs] do
n't confuse me don't confuse me I'm not confusing you What
happens is that I try to know eh But well that's it, that's
it, I don't want to know
why the trita
starts I don't feel like it No, no, it's not that I'm not
going to say it either, I think I think that
Peppa isn't even registered in the civil registry giving super chat to Antonio it's
something that I don't understand because let's see,
these things are true, the coherence in
these
people, let's see Loli said that Antonio David
was the first to see through Peppa and
warn Loli who
Peppa was, I mean because I think you
told me that Loli is with the other one, no I mean
Loli wta is with the one with the cap, I mean she
's against Anton then
Oliverta nows
No, I'm, I'm, of course No, I'm
a bit lost there, no, I'm
lost there the unions and  the divisions there
already I want to give it to Pepa Beltrán What a shame
that Antonia vi doesn't know how to sauce eh with how
well she sauces on TV eh What a shame
eh I for your part yes I have seen it yet you have
done it here
today constantly you are not giving him his
place he gives him his place what about the
registry by Marc yes under town
is laughing at
him
Spaniard but not at me where they have to
smoke is bad [ __ ] laughter more r they are
laughing at him Yoro you
defend him the rest of the family
Gloria you mention like that lady aunt of
your children who came to your defense At
that moment or rather Well
you give them their place No I have
n't seen the other thing and and it seems to me it seems
wrong I don't think it's right that he does that it
seems to me that since you go and collect
then at
least damn if the presenter is telling you
something as important as
this then well I think so Look you don't
want to go into depth then no to ones but at
least
saying that should never have been in one
because that was never true well I think
so because if it hurts his
sister  and his ass hurts and
his
life hurts brothers you have parents and you have a
life and you have
people and what not Look no, he's already there
yes Roberto but not you don't
even know how to dance Peppa goes looking for a
hco wherever to try to scratch
a kiss Yes of course because she's looking for
someone to support her in her thing in the
thing that she has and it's very
complicated Finding someone to
support you when you have that no but
wait Vito kiles spoke to me and he
sent me
this no no ask him Ask Pachi
López Hey Who is the best
Basque fronton player right now
something like that take a little
context and when he answers you and when he
answers you change it and give it to him you put in
another question and then answer Hey and by the
way speaking of balls the [ __ ]
ask him and what's going on Ah today he has
been coherent criticizing
Pep's pact with coñ it's very strong right
Box in Valencia because he rejects
illegal immigration and then make a pact with
Juns exclude them from welcoming
immigrants  spokesperson on the PL spokesperson
is that you have been very critical of
this pact precisely for that reason because
you are a racist party
Why make a pact with a party that
you yourselves have called racist on many occasions? I
am going to be consistent with
those who are here and they do not want
you to be here and I am not going to answer because we
live in a democracy spokesperson there is something
called
informative plurality the rules also another
question are you aware of
the controversy over
Basque pelota well I found out this morning
because they told me about the
Marca that should be in the Marca No well
this is the situation that
journalism is experiencing in Spain friends they
want to throw me out of congress for asking
about your pacts with the
radical separatists But you very
gladly answer questions about
Basque pelota no I can't
believe it pachi López Listen who is the
best Basque fronton player right now
something like that Hey I can confirm
who is coming this
weekend Roberto vaquero but I have
eh I also have the one for
next week next week is
very very good also eh I really
want to talk to the one who's coming
next week I really want to talk to the one who's
coming next week I'm not
going to tell you who it is yet too
soon but let's
see what Diego Arrabal said about the
fight
well this This is Diego Arrabal
on the subject of Amador okay You know
that the subject is heated and I want to
hear his opinion too Amador goes on
television for money Hey
Miguel uploaded uploaded a video early about
Amador no no no he doesn't say anything about Amador no that it does
n't seem bad to me that in the
end this is a business of many
people But of course Amador I have not
wanted to get into this subject of Amador And
such But excuse me I have to tell you that
Amador this year if he continues like this we are in
the month of March if he continues in this line
they will give him the Pinocchio award I am not going to
say the reason I am not going to say
why but there are many or several lies
eh that he said the other day on the
Friday program Hey he can say them well of
course he can say what he wants but  yes with
the one he has already Say what he wants Let's
see, it's the reality and Hey, they
give him 50,000 for good the other day I
heard that they had given him 5,000 they
gave him much more than 5,000 Amador
Moedano more than 5,000
eh that seems very good to me eh Hey,
if they give it to him to sit down and Hey and
talk Hey, very well what happens is that
he lied on several occasions that
everyone can do what they want but it has
caught my attention a lot and
then there is a fight there too about
where he is going to go where he is going to give the
first statements and on one channel on
another one thing that also surprises me
he has a channel Where he has been
talking these last few years man it is supposed to
be there where they give the
statements No yes but the problem is not
the doubt The problem is that eh he
enters where where Antonio David
and and of course
HM, I mean the problem is not there is no
debate or discussion where he is going to give
the statements the problem is How does
the other one act When he finds out that Amador
has met with  Antonio are coming you know what I mean by
yes yes Roberto vaquero from the
labor front Yes yes it is Roberto he is the one
who is coming this weekend and I have we have
confirmed for next week okay
m and he is very very interesting he is a
person that you all
know and that you have surely spent
many nights with him I am sure that
many of you who are here have
spent many nights with him he is not going to go to
another one let's see it is logical But well I do
n't want to fight Neither one nor the other
because the first statements
after the interview the other day he has already
given and he has given it to Europa PR it
is true it was given to Europa PR let's see
statements that It is that
anyway What are the first
statements of Amador let's see the
first statements after something are of
interest For example
eh Imagine that the interview or rather
here for example the
first statements of Rocío Carrasco
or Rosa Benito after
Amador's interview would be of interest why because they have been
mentioned and so now what
people expect is their first
statements after being
mentioned but the first
statements of Amador but if he comes
if it comes from an interview what do I
care about the first
statements what do I care about the
first statements if it comes from an
interview let's not go fighting each
other because the first
statements have already been given and they have been
given by the colleagues of eur
papr gentlemen things on YouTube things that
we do Eh as a good friend of mine used to say as a good
friend of mine says the dick to
a mess many times we make a dick
A mess no
eh I really understand
lies that they tell or maybe Look
how good I am maybe he has
forgotten some things that it could also
be that it could also be me That's why I
say that I don't know that nobody is fighting
because the first statements have been
given now nobody has to fight and
then what I'm reading that Antonio
David who is already sitting in let's
see it Already seated how about What do you think
about that Because yesterday when we were in
the space I don't know if the
excerpts from the space were uploaded yesterday Yesterday when we
were in the Twitter space you
were telling me that Antonio
David was testing the waters yesterday in his live show
with his  followers because of
course after being at
the TV factory for so long I will never, ever
commercialize with my life or return to
Tele5 of course now apparently you
told me
yesterday that Antonio was
testing the waters no I mean like
testing the waters for his follower to go
back no
eh To go preparing better I told him one
thing Antonio dav many years ago the
first day after the first program
of Rocío de Rosito totally José Luis
says José Luis his followers will applaud
if he returns to Tele5 Yes yes totally they will say
Finally justice is done I
don't know why he has to go
testing them out, tell him and he will remember
for sure I think I also said it here
in public he is going to earn more money without
sitting in a television set than
sitting in a television set and I'm
not saying this because of YouTube I'm saying it because of the
lawsuit And everything that they are going to file
that I think they are not saying now that now is when I know that now
is when they are
going to put it on him that I don't know why it has
taken so long but well those are
judicial strategies there yes no
can we get in because what we don't
know is what the lawyer has in his head?
Eh,
those from
the well, no, I'm not going to mention it, no, but
there is another, there is another lawyer who is very into
doing this, no, that he is putting the
lawsuits in the in the at the limit of the
prescription. But this has the sense
that he puts it at the limit of the
prescription
because that way he puts in everything he can
put in. You know, that way he puts in everything he can put in. From
there now he has to
put it in because Claro Look, it's
March 18th, that is, by these dates it's been 4
years since the documentary was presented, it was
presented on the 16th, in
the afternoon of Sálvame in which Antonio
Avid appears reacting to the trailer, it was on the
16th, already on the 18th if I'm not mistaken,
eh, Already on the 18th, if I'm not mistaken, Antonio
Avid, no, no, no, it was already on the 18th, if I'm not
mistaken, Antonio Avi appears with the
pink mask, you're going to [ __ ] yourself, no, something like that, no,
the 17th was when Antonio Avid is
sitting with Jorge Javier, who  It was the
last time he went you know and on the 21st
the documentary
by Antonio David premieres at night eh About the way of
doing things and such Listen there
shoemaker to his shoe if we don't get involved
where we're not called because he surely has
a reason I say the lawyer to
present it now for sure and I say the
same thing I said to Antonio David when he was
exhausted that day that he
was exhausted he was exhausted I
tell him David calm down that
the time will surely come when he will sit you down and
negotiate with this network At that
time I was at Tele5 and I was at
that moment at Tele5 when I spoke to
him
Look unfortunately and I say this for
the fanatics fanatics
that it doesn't matter
fanatics what side the dark side or the
light side it doesn't matter to me all this
everything that you're seeing is fixed with
money Trust me pure money
if not time will tell I said
many years ago money and if not you will see it
totally Well in other words La Movida is that
eh As much as Anton I will never
return to that network and I don't know what and I don't know
how much it can't be fixed with money come on  let's
see everyone but get them out of your head
apart from that he doesn't have other
possibilities in television and media it's not
that Antonio Antonio David is now that he's
going to be now
eh collaborator Please We are
talking about other things that have
nothing to do with it much bigger and much more
such It is true that the complaint
against Tele5 for the Rocío
Carrasco issue is very big because
many things happened there you have to do a little
memory and there Antonio David has everything to win
all the chances are
from the beginning to the end What
happens is that justice is very slow of course they
take so long now he presents it
imagine but I am very slow of course now he is
going to present it and this This will be until I
am sure that it is not going to be carried
out it is not going to be carried out
an agreement will be reached before and trust me
an agreement of many many euros
many euros man is that You realize
amounts amounts euros I would say millions
I would say millions
evidently I I believe that that
documentary did generate many millions of
euros
because because Of course between what was earned
during the weeks that the
documentary was shown and  not only the weeks
that they aired the documentary but
all the rest of the Tele5 programs
had an increase in audience and
the documentary was fed back from whatever the
schedule is. Eh so of
course all this was at the expense of
Antonio
David's image yes totally you are sending me
the capture of the audiences not of the
live shows that are on right now Yes but it has
always been like this at the moment that I
am live it is like this but if I do not
say it to be mean or anything but it is a
reality and what he has put in the
thumbnail Look at the Indian Antonio David
and and Auri Giralde is put there
Auri or I mean it is gossip Of course it has
been
gossip it is being
gossip I think I should talk about
this subject but not for nothing but because
of all those who are talking Hey
except Antonio David if he talks about this
subject he is the one who knows the most
obviously
eh I am one of the few people there are
here in the YouTube world that really
knows what is going on behind there because
well we have another we have another
that yes
powerful gentleman Don Dinero is the
reality but look we have another one that
now they are  discovering that he is not
clean wheat we are talking about a Mr.
Francisco a
man a
man goes through all the channels a
man that when we opened this
channel we told him No thanks damn
Diego had problems with Francisco
also giving he is a person has a very good
vocabulary s that he knows everything damn
but Francisco hit Diego hard on Twitter
no no it was not
like that and in the end he knows less than
you think much less than you think
now they are realizing now for
example yesterday I think it was that I saw it that
because of what he looks betrayed No
now juanjus or something like that no don't
pay much attention to me but man if they have
realized now eh how
Francisco is I already warned him a long
time ago and you know few things few things you
know few things you know watch out
Francisco is going to answer this straight away But I am
not going to call Francisco to
answer it here because eh I do not
want him to do it here about answering
said grab but let's go the day that it is spoken
But well it remains exactly the same
we go to our thing let's go to
our eye eh what Antonio saw is
sounding quite quite strong eh I
mean  because today informalia has published
that he has to Costa too No look he
says eh
on March 11th the testimony of two Sources arrived again to
the informalia editorial office
that corroborated the
existence of conversations between Tele5
and Rocío Flores's father let's see Rasel or
someone could you tell me could you
tell me
eh Yes yesterday It is true that Antonio was
testing the waters announcing
this because Claro if that's true it's
bottled white So they decided to fire him
unilaterally and live I mean look you
know what I'll tell you one
thing for real
eh I'm going to tell you the truth eh And
maybe I'm very stupid but if this is so I'm
happy for
him I'm happy for him if this is so
because look medias he has raised
Beto his son-in-law ton Avilla I have had
some conversations with
representatives of the network Look despite the fact
that I have my my my stories with
him and and those things m I consider that it
would be
Justice no longer the fact that he is
going to work on television again that it
has to be Tele5 because it's not going  to be somewhere
else no no Antonio
David is not going to work on another channel no let's see Well yes let's
see Antena 3 is
also trying to raise gossip on
air they are also trying to raise gossip
now and on the one they are going to
start dealing with it he could also
collaborate one day on another channel but
put 5 Antonio's site av where where Where
his profile is usually
called is t5 to me it would seem like
Justice because you like him more or you like him
less all the money that tele5 has made
for many months many months many
months many months with the first
of the second docuseries and interviews and
salvam and I don't know what happened to the cost of his
image I mean to say to the cost of a very very very
strong accusation Look we are seeing
someone today whining because they
mention him and he looks bad and he wants to put this
on half the internet he wants to shut down the internet I mean
imagine what it is like to endure that on a
television
with a huge audience a lot of
accusations they
are calling you an abuser Okay
then for me it would be
Justice that this Surely I
agree with Diego Arabal that it will not
come to a no  will come to a
judicial procedure but otherwise
He will surely reach an agreement and it will
be very big you know it has to be
very big it can't be any other
way It can't be any other way eh it
has to be very very big the agreement
because realize is that it was many
months many many programs a lot of
money earned at the expense of the defamation
of Antonio David what can you say
this unbearable guy this guy I
really dislike he is very heavy with Rosito
always talking about his ex a thousand things no
this guy is a manipulator this guy these
thousand things but the thing is that he is not an
abuser I mean it's that no they can't
accuse you of that in the whole country they can't
accuse you of that in the whole country
with manipulations with half truths
with
lies So I believe that everything is
fixed with money exactly Reyes is
fixed with money but this is neither
that he is interested nor that he is
a sellout or anything like that Why
Because the thing is that there is no other way to
fix things than money or I mean
how do you replace it or I mean but if he goes to
trial he will fix it with money he will not
fix it in any other way
formed puts How is it restored
and the one who can or rather when they get to
trial How how is his honor restored
with money there is no other way Javi You don't
learn if he can he steps on your head and doesn't
even flinch little happened to him Nuria you know
what happens the first thing is that no one
can step on my head he has
n't even been born yet Nuria that on the one hand if
someone wants to say something to me Don't
worry I would defend myself but the
second thing is that I eh Even though there are
a lot of people trying to step on my head trip me up
no em it's
that I can't I can't lie to you I
mean there's nothing that matters to me less
in in the in life okay than what's on
a screen I mean we've
been talking about this before I don't start
crying or striking a blow I'm not
obsessed with anyone well it's part of
what I do and it's part of
this not the computer at work let's
say no I don't care about mine eh To
me the fact that there's a person who is
against me not that they are
against me or that they can't stand me or  that he
tries to do things against me or
movements behind my back does not
take away my objectivity when it comes to
commenting on something that is like that because yes yes yes if I
told you otherwise I would be
guiding myself by hate like
they do or rather how ridiculous is it
Joan Planas when he defends Tania or
Tania's husband and makes a thread
saying no the provincial court of
Barcelona is wrong I don't know what I don't know
now he's defending MIARE then he
defends SERL or rather how
ridiculous they look well it's pathetic
because one day what they tell you is
red the next day they tell you that it's black and they're
seeing this control and they're
telling you that the control is red no matter how much they're
seeing it how ridiculous how
ridiculous I'm not like that I'm not moved
by hate because I don't hate anyone
because I don't hate anyone you understand me That's the
first thing it doesn't have Nobody has
that importance to
me What's wrong Dolores Well I'm telling you I think I think I do
believe that Antonio Avi
will return or rather sincerely on the one hand I
doubt it I already told you yesterday because
Antonio Avi is a
lot  of inventing this to stir up the
hornet's nest and sends this to Jesús Manuel
to publish it this way and
he informs because he knows how
the media works you know So on the
one hand On the one hand I think it's like that
but on the other hand the
fact that there are media like informalia
saying the same thing from other sources
man well yes and yes if you're
telling me that Anto had been testing the
waters man over there already
eh the river sounds No the river sounds
mmm finishing well finishing we don't have
a couple of things left okay Loli What's
up daughter I'm saying clearly that ha is bad she
clearly said that adre is a bad person
and she said it so clearly Ah I mean Of course
because Loli is in a
bit of a complicated situation right now No of course
Loli right now she's a donor of the
Canal del enemy of Antonio David not the one with
the cap the one with the strikes and but
of course she's a super fan of Antonio David
super to the death the support and all that nonsense we're
not going to listen to it you want us to
listen to it but it says
clip
p Wait let me listen to it
first why Why doesn't he name him
why by the work of the Holy Spirit not by
the [ __ ] that he puts there are people who are dedicated to
putting garbage and garbage and garbage and garbage
because by the work of God and the
Holy Spirit one does not get up and say that he is
a very bad
person that is already a matter and things that from
some side or some place has
reached him he previously had
contact with someone no that of
course spite is what makes him talk more
about the other person Olga's sister let's
see I'm
trying to get the thread Okay and understand a little what he could be referring to that the guy with the cap used to have contact with Olga's sister and now that he has ended his relationship with her they fought they had a problem we didn't talk about that at the time but they
had a problem that I don't see
eh pod di Loli he may have spite eh he
got off easy eh and everything
you want of course he is because of taking with that we
all know but well in some
simple horns it does not go no more no more than
there
eh There is nothing more than there well then he
behaved badly with Olga but they were
simple stories no  they did on
November 13th from the demonstration
from the demonstration they can't even
see each other but they can't even see each other but the
crossing Where
is it in yours neither of those two
people
YouTube finger no no that Javi's fault
nor does it quote eh that Javi's fault
nor does it
quote live every day to
attack another YouTube nor to give his opinion
on the other YouTube nor AB live
every day to give his opinion on another
YouTube Entón Where is it where does it come from
no no this there is a person who and I believe I
say it directly that all this all
this that Juan Jos has exploded now
and has said that he is a bad person Juan is
wrong and Antonio David is not a
bad person
a lot of people are very envious of him and that's why they might think he
's a bad person but he's not a
bad person they are
envious of him sometimes he's not right and says what they
tell him
and I and I who am 100% sure and I and
I who am 100% sure because I
know it because I have lived it balls that they
have tried they have tried
with right and
left because the anger today
well  juanju can't see nor will he be able to see
juanju but the anger doesn't come from
juanju the anger doesn't come from them they haven't
sat down nor have they confronted each other nor have they
fought
where have you been Loli in the last 5
years there was a Kiko flying around there was
a Kiko flying around that you didn't
experience it I only experienced it I well me
Enrique and
Albert mother that was
tremendous that was what Kiko was
eha what Anton came from The mistake of
not having said what he thought from the
first moment and having tried to
get along with
everyone even though he was seeing
things he left because he wanted to be on good terms with
everyone and it went wrong That's what
happened juanju said about Ro when he was
survivors
many things I don't know I didn't see them Ah I
didn't see them you know who does know you
know why Because they've got all
the cuts all the cuts Ah okay
So the fault of what
the other one said about
Antonio David's daughter is not the other one for having
said it for having messed with her the one who
by the way he  he denies when we
had the videos deleted and such he
said that it was a lie that it didn't exist
that we hadn't invented it okay the
fault is of those who have taken the
clips have been shown to him Antonio David
okay
one but not a kiss my peace How are you
red looks good on you Javi
exclamation mark exclamation mark and above
all not to be obsessive with anyone aos pua and I
forget at convenience and they have
sent it to him at convenience the part
Maybe where Juan Ju in his day
apologized for that maybe they haven't
sent it to him of course Loli How not the How are we
going to send it to him if it doesn't exist you can't
send something that doesn't exist okay In
fact Auri I don't know if he is here at hand
Auri I don't know if he is in the
chat he denied it in a live with
Tania that I showed you this I recently
denied that it existed the
survivor thing he said it was a
lie what fantasy the
Flying Kiko is back the one from the well is back a kiss
Gustavo where juanju then yes he
defended her of course he defended her because that was what he
gave and yes I am
yes I am a fan  number one of ad aj
no, nobody's going to change that for me,
what happens is that I can see it differently than
other people because I have
information, for example, I've spoken
with Francisco, I've spoken on
occasions with Francisco and I have a
different point of view than the
others, I have messages about how they've
tried to do this, this, that they've
achieved now, they've been looking for it for years, this, this, they've been looking for it for
years, my
God, when you see that I haven't
missed any of Juan's, I'm sorry to
say it, but yes, but I haven't
missed any of Ade's, Ade hasn't
attacked. No, he's doing his thing on his channel
with his people
V beginning juanjus, that's whoever
told you or
that it's like you when everyone stopped
doing live shows, I repeat, they stopped
doing live shows that day because it was
Ade's first live show or because Ade was going to enter with
someone with more people or whatever, but
you have your job, you have your channel and
on your channel you do the live shows at a
time and you didn't stop doing the live show
because Ade was going to do the live show that you guys
crossed paths from the beginning, you
[Music]
everyone doesn't know
this about Pili which is a zasca for a
cap but I don't understand it well people there
is something else so we would have to
comment here well I'm going to
comment this to the kids Ah about Pilar
you see if I'm going to put it here Hey this
lady How ridiculous she is Eh yes how
ridiculous this lady is this devil
eh how ridiculous this lady is this
devil eh I mean this happened I imagine
since last night
H because they sent this to me While
I was there yesterday and I put a little piece of it
while I was on my way back not so
such and I understand now this
lady gets into the live shows of the
hater kids I mean kids I
mean the one in the
kids' audience Well the haters there we have
groups of haters No well this lady the
bus is getting into the kids' spaces
with people who are easily 60
years younger than
her Look, as of now, the last thing
what Javiera did to me yesterday is the last thing
I would  I accept I don't want to know anything
about that guy I'm going to block him here on
Twitter I don't want to know anything about that
guy and not one good word from me to him you're never
going to hear again [ __ ] let's see not
one bad word from me Look at
this I hadn't heard this today I had to
come to
Twitter because I find that
Electra is
How do I
locate this
guy I find that this Electra who is the one who
makes the spaces was
posting this capture as if it were my
chat messing with her okay And also
many people in the comments have
corrected her Hey that one is not
Javi's chat apart it's obvious that
this is from Kick or Twitch it's not the
YouTube chat it's perfectly clear in
the capture and I'm not on Twitch I've had him
banned a while ago okay Well well
even though people are
correcting her and telling her it's not
Javi's it's from gibel she knows it And to
throw [ __ ] at me she starts lying I
mean and it's been many times that I catch her
with the same lies the same
stories
dude and what happens if he wants to upload your
space to do what he always does his
[ __ ] Circus Look I personally
understand that it's a
specialty show if you let him in the
special extra entered my space it took me
0.2 to
block him I block him I block him he
can't enter anymore I don't know what you think you
recommend No because he's going to want to
have a voice here he's going to say that this is a
space for bad guys But who is he going to
say
that
elra with you have seen me say that what
this man says about me or the mockery he can make of me with his infected chat and his weird people he says to my people let's see his weird people very weird strange my prism Eh I don't care, it gives me exactly the same all those people I have blocked where
I am they are not on my TV or
on my Twitter and if I make a space they have no
place for them to stay in their
sewers Total that here it goes iamente what they are what they
are vetoing me
not from the space I mean when I
am in space that they are talking about
me I do not upload or rather what I do is
always raise all the space  where I go, whatever the
space where I
go, space that I lift and it sticks
all week long, people talking about the
space where I uploaded.
Okay,
and I mean, 30 enemies gather there to
criticize me and to insult me
every night and every afternoon. And on
top of that, they gather like
bullies, no, they don't dare let me go up to
defend myself, I mean, they're all United,
all together and I'm alone and they still don't let me
[Laughter]
go up, like, Mrs. Pilar talks about
the other people that jav ola
has dedicated himself to damaging their reputation so
that they don't
listen to them,
exactly, I lived the DEA of the first
eh, this gentleman, that lady the other day
had a crisis, hypertensive, just listen to me for
a moment because I have to
go right away, so everything,
everything that is eh, criticism towards this
gentleman means that you are
inhumanity, what we were talking about, the
accused, the subject, the lady, I was already
commenting on it, this devilish lady
started to try to prove
these people who are arguing with me right.
Ricky Edi is charged, so Ricky Edie
is charged with a complaint from his ex in
the women's court, okay, alleged
gender violence, he's going to trial, eh, so it's going
to trial, eh, so no, they haven't
filed it, it's going to trial, it's been
confirmed, okay, he's charged, he's
charged. Okay, well, to contradict me, he
's telling these people
that no, that charged, the word charged
no longer exists, I don't know what it is, like,
Pilar Vera has been saying for 4 years that those from the
t factory are charged and they are
very charged. How the hell is it that
the word charged doesn't exist now,
the charged is totally ridiculous,
eh. Well, I really don't know the
date, but the word charged was being
used until a few months ago,
yes, yes, until last week
you were using it with Oscar Conjo and
Adrian Madrid. I mean, what the hell are you
talking about, eh, eh. But well, it's not that one,
eh. So she's already dedicated a tweet to me
because this lady has been calling
the TV factory charged for 4 years,
impossible because I've only been on Twitter for
three and 4 months, but  She's already given me 4
years it's
impossible because I've only been
on Twitter for three or four months, says the baby. I
mean, look literally at
[Music]'s tweet,
eh, I support the Tide since March 2021, twi
from 2022, okay, on
Twitter, look in 2023 in February, the
accused, the investigated become
accused, okay, when it's the same thing,
accused as investigated, it's the same,
okay, but she's to give it to her. I mean, she
can use the word accused
against those from the TV factory and
asking for a boycott of the
TV factory and all that stuff, okay. Yes,
yes, this lady defends
Tania, exactly, well according to her, the
lawyer Antonio David defended
Tania, how shameless the
lady is, eh, February 2023, she
using the word accused, okay,
May 2024. Here also using the
word accused. I mean, what the hell is
this lady saying that she's been on
Twitter for 3 months and that it's impossible, what
I said, this is like the other day
when she said that she wasn't a fan of Javi
and you know, it's tremendous, man, they're It's that  then they
complain that they look ridiculous But
how are you not always going to look ridiculous
Look Maika, I'm making my debut on Twitter,
I need an instruction manual,
looking forward to hearing from you on Saturday I'll see you
twice, okay, October 2021, this lady
opened
Twitter, opened Twitter and paid for
Blue at the moment this one that came out, not
since the docuseries, more or less,
and she cements it with her
balls
So that's what they use in
dehumanization, ridicule, which is that I
'm ridiculous that I don't ridicule you,
the problem is that for years you've been
trying to find support among
each other and you get together with each other
because I've ridiculed you and you
've been stuck for life that I have
n't
ridiculed you that you're
ridiculous that I haven't ridiculed you
that you're ridiculous if you look at yourself, it's that you lie
there and when they don't have what they
expect from the attacks that you've
suffered, Eh, my account has suffered attacks
to different degrees because I don't have the
repercussion that my account suf you always
do the same nonsense eh No my account
suffers attacks attacks a telele is going to
give me any day of putting up with the
nonsense Let's go no let's go to the
salsería a kiss family tomorrow we'll
see Marina no from what I see
no kiss
hearts an